now that we've made our develop it on visible,
we're ready to start looking at the environment in which you create your user defined
functions.
And this is called a visual basic editor in 09 Getting Started With Bebe au D EFs Let's now
have not zero to the visual basic editor When you click on the developer,
tap the very first command that you'll see on the left.
Visual Basic takes you into the visual basic editor,
and this is the environment in which you do all your BB a Cody.
You'll notice that this environment differs from Excel.
It doesn't have the familiar ribbon and ribbon.
Tam's has the old school menus,
two of ours and floating windows.
And,
as with Excel 2003 in previous,
if you go to the View menu,
you'll find a list of all the available tool bars and you'll find a command to hide and
show all of the floating windows.
Let's just close thes floating when those down.
So if you've got any open,
just closed them all so we can get an idea of what they call.
The most essential of these floating windows is the one called Project Explorer.
Without this,
you can't get started.
So let's get a view into his Project Explorer.
The term project in the context of V B.
A.
Simply means the container or all your VB a code B B A can be implemented in several
different ways.
For example,
you're probably familiar with the concept of macros,
which were used for automation.
It's also possible to write BB,
a code which executes automatically based on actions performed by the user on the way that
VB a works is determined by the container inside of which you put your VB a code.
And we'll be discussing the containers which applying to use the defined functions in the
next video.
The second most essential of these floating windows is the properties window.
So let's go to you and Properties Window,
and we could just resize that so we can see both the Project Explorer on the properties
window.
The properties window,
as the name suggests,
allows you to change the properties or attributes of any of the objects that you got in the
Project Explorer,
and we'll be using it from time to time as we write out code at the moment Let's look at a
useful facility provided by the Properties Window.
What's come out of the visual?
Basic editor.
We couldn't do that either.
By close individual basic editor.
So here on closing the visual basic editor,
I haven't closed Excel itself.
Let's go back inside country.
The second method on the second method is simply to switch back to excel,
leaving the visual basic,
and it's a window open.
You can obviously do this from the task Bob.
Simply click on Excel to reveal a windows and then switch to the Excel window.
1/3 method is to press the keyboard shortcut,
which is walled 11.
And,
of course,
you don't need to make a special effort to remember that every time you hope her over the
visual basic and it's a button,
Excel will remind you of the short cut,
so I'm gonna press halt at 11.
I'm individual basic editor,
also 11.
Again.
I'm back in Excel so you can use any of those methods to switch between the two
environments.
So let's go back to excel on what I want to show you is a useful feature for hiding work
leads,
So I got a couple of worksheets here If I right click on the one called Hide Lee Andrews
hide as I'm sure you've done in the past that tab is then hidden If I right click and
choose a new hide the hidden tab is available and I can then click OK to make it visible
again.
However,
if we go into the visual basic editor and find these two worksheets So here we can see
inside Microsoft Excel objects.
We have sheet too.
And in parentheses we have the interface name the tab name,
which I simply called Hide me and then we've got a 2nd 1 called very high bay.
So what we conduce you in the properties window is with this sheet selected,
we go to the final property as well as Excel Sheet Hidden,
which is the equivalent command to the action that I pulled a moment ago.
We have Excel sheets very hidden.
So if we choose this when we go back to excel,
the work she's is hidden.
But the difference is that if I now right click,
you'll see that unhygienic is great out.
So the user hasn't been given a clue that this sheet exists so That's just an example off
using the properties window.
So for the moment,
let's leave it at that.
We've got the Project Explorer on,
We have the properties window,
and in the next video,
we'll move on to look at actually writing our first user defined function.